Adding repository custom instructions for GitHub Copilot (#3553)
joomlagerman/joomla: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# Copilot Instructions for J!German Joomla Translation Repository

## Repository Overview

> This repository contains the **J!German translation project** - German language packs for the Joomla! Content Management System. It provides comprehensive German translations for Joomla! 5.x and maintains regional variants for Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, and Luxembourg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the **J!German translation project** - German language packs for the Joomla! Content Management System. It provides the comprehensive German translations for Joomla! for all versions and maintains regional variants for Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, and Luxembourg.
```

Author: Da es abhängig vom aktuellen Branch ist, sollte das immer adaptiert werden.

Reviewer: Ah ja dann passt es

1. Follow "issue-first principle" - create issue before PR
2. Use branch naming: `<issue-number>` or descriptive name
3. Commit messages in German: "fix #123" or descriptive text
4. Test translations in actual Joomla! installation

### Release Process
1. Run version bump: `php build/bump.php -v X.Y.Z -l N`
2. Commit version changes
3. Create git tag: `git tag -s X.Y.ZvN`
4. Build packages: `php build/build.php --lpackages --v`
5. Upload to release/distribution channels

## Development Environment Setup

### Required Tools
- PHP 8.1+ with CLI
- Git
- Text editor with UTF-8 support
- Local Joomla! installation for testing

### File Editing Guidelines
- Always maintain UTF-8 encoding
- Preserve INI file structure and comments
- Keep consistent translation style/terminology
- Test special characters (umlauts: ä, ö, ü, ß)

### Debugging Build Issues
- Run with `--v` flag for verbose output
- Check git status and tags: `git tag -l`
- Verify file permissions: `ls -la`
- Test individual PHP scripts: `php -l build/build.php`

## Trust These Instructions

These instructions are comprehensive and tested. Only search for additional information if:
- Commands fail with unexpected errors  

> - New Joomla! versions require different approaches

Reviewer: Das ist sehr schwammig und würde ich raus lassen.

Author: Das braucht die AI, damit sie darauf reagieren kann.
